This sub is presented by:
Di@
07/12
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Prayer:
Arabic: Subhaana Rabbiyal a'laa wa bihamdih....(3x)
English: Praise only to The Most Holly and The Most High (Allah. The True God) 3x
Arabic: Allahu Akbar
English: Allah is The Most Great
What time is it. sweetheart?
-- It is early. you should sleep
I told you to wake me.
You need to be resting.
because of both of you.
I love you.
I love you too.
Wait til Daddy comes home. ok
I'll bring him back
THE RAID : REDEMPTION
OK. listen up.
Our target is Tama Riyadi.
I'm sure most of you know
who I'm talking about..
This man has become something
of a legend in the underworld.
Pushers. gangs. killers. they
all respect him as like a God
During the past 10 years his building
has been a no go zone for the police.
I don't care how big he is or who is
behind him he must be stopped.
That enterprising fuck has been
renting out rooms like it's an apartments.
to any low-life piece of shit
looking to keep his head down.
Our mission is simple ...
We go in. and we take him out!
Yes sir!
-- Now Tama isn't alone in this.
Intelligence reports of an in-house
narcotics lab.
Naturally this means he has
more than enough muscle
to protect his investment.
He also has two trusted guards.
One. a fucking mad dog.
A maniac of feet and fists that
would tear down the walls for his boss.
The other. Andi.
The brains of Tama's business..
He keeps the Mad Dog in check.
But don't be fooled.
Meanwhile. be cautious for these two people.
Given the opportunity.
he will put bullets in you.
Watch this for me.
I'll be right back.
Now. where were we?
Focus at all times.
We take the place floor by floor.
Silence every spotter.
Secure every corner.
Why us? Why today?
Why the fuck not?
-- It's a valid question.
And this is a valid answer. boy.
Are you done?
Can I continue?
This won't be the first time
this place has come under fire.
For years rival gangs have tried
take over his patch.
But each and every one of them
has failed.
Be alert. We're dealing with a
force ready and willing to fight.
30 seconds!
Gear up.
I don't want to see any empty seats
on this truck when we we're done.
Now let's clean up this fucking city.
Lieutenant
Sergeant Jaka
What's with the kid?
He's just a rookie
But don't worry. he's my responsibility
Do you know the risk of this operation?
But to cover this large building. we need more men.
Also as wide as the possibility for mistakes.
Inexperienced kids like him ruin the mission
This is not a fuckin' field training you know
Ok. I'll just put the kid at the back
Put him at the last. the very last!
Divide the men in teams
I will go to the B-3 zone.
Your team will drill by the sides
How about the lieutenant?
He goes with me ok?
Go!
We have commitment. all right? Always
train and perform the best shows..
Therefore. Andi and also Anton who...
Take him down.
B-3 secured
Ok let's move!
Come here and shut up!
What's the matter?
Get off me!
You're not going anywhere!
My wife is sick
She must have these medicine
Don't you get it? I must go...
If you try to move again
I'm gonna fuckin' waste you!
What the f...?
Calm down
Bowo. enough!
A hero was born
okay. then he's yours
Don't step any closer!
What's your apartment number?
No. 726
You'll get there don't worry
However for safety measures
you need to stay close to us
But who will protect my wife?
I know how you feel but please be patient
No fuckin' way
Hey! Choose...
it's either my protection...
... or theirs
Huddle up!
It's time to enter
We will keep our eye on you!
Stop!
Restrained!
Clear!
Tie him up!
Son of a bitch...!
Don't move!
Don't do anything stupid.
Don't move an inch !!
Good.
Now ...
Wait!
Police!
What the fuck was that?
-- Necessity.
Sergeant! We've got another spotter!
Motherfucker!
Police!
We have company.
They're here.
Cut all communications
and lock it down.
I'll call the neighbors.
We have visitors. You know what to do.
I'll take the one on the left.
you take the one on the right.
Now.
Stop! let him scream.
Exterior secured.
Jono!
Last night was the worst fucking
game I've ever seen.
You didn't miss much.
I saw the whole thing.
I don't know what they were thinking.
Help me please!
They're coming to kill me!
Don't move!
-- You gotta help me please!
Stop!
Fifth floor secure.
Hold the line!
Find out what the fuck is going
on down there.
- We stay in one formation! Be more cautious!
- All right / Okay!
- Lieutenant. you come with me! / Yep!
Rama. leave him. Return to your
position.
Vehicle 1. Vehicle 1. This is Jaka.
Come in.
All units. This is Jaka.
They're all dead.
Good morning everyone!
You may have noticed we have some
guests trawling the halls today.
Now I certainly did not invite them.
and they most certainly are not welcome
So in the interest of public health.
should you help rid this building
of its recent "infestation".
well then you can consider yourself
a permanent resident....Free of charge.
You'll find these fucking
cockroaches on the sixth floor.
Now go to work.
And please. enjoy yourself.
Lieutenant. put a call in
We need backup.
- We still can handle this.
- With all due respect. Lieutenant.
They'll burn us along with the
truck if we stay here.
Now make the call. -- I can't just...
-- What do you mean you can't?
We're not. this isn't...
Who else knows we're here?!
What the fuck have you brought us into.
Lieutenant
We're alone here.
Sergeant!
Stay put.
Wait!
Now!
Everyone fall back!
Move!
What the fuck have you done now?
-- Come here.
See for yourself.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
-- Watch your mouth boy.
It's all under control. I got this.
Then tell me genius...
What happens when they
send in reinforcements.
You don't shoot cops. You buy them!
Yeah cos they look like all they
want is a fucking cheque!
There won't be any reinforcements.
There won't be any repercussions.
This is no different from one of our
rivals getting torn to pieces.
Once we're done. there won't
be any evidence left behind.
What makes you so sure?
-- Cos I know who's behind this.
That quaking old fuck.
And I got him right where I want him.
Fall back. Hanggi open the door.
-- Yes. sir!
Clear!
-- Clear
Keep the door shut.
No wait!
Fuck!
We have to get out of this place.
Alee. the ax!
Sergeant!
Follow me.
Jaka!
Wait!
They're coming!
Get me the fuck out of here!
Alee. help!
Dagu!
Once I pop this. turn it around.
One. two. three.
What the fuck was that?
Looks like we just learnt
what we're dealing with.
What's the damage?
It's pretty contained. I'd guess
we've lost no more than 2 rooms.
Not bad.
--And about 30 residents who have
paid us rent. are now spread
across the fucking walls.
Check which rooms they stayed in.
Clean out their stashes.
They can cover the damage.
Both of you get down there. I want
this situation under control.
Yes. boss.
You take the stairs and I'll take the lift.
We'll meet at the 7th Floor.
Tomy. Angga go with him.
I'm fine alone.
Go with him.
They're going.
Fine.
Okay. come on.
Where are we going?
-- Room 726. he lives here.
NO...
-- Trust me. I know what I'm doing.
Don't fucking leave me with that guy.
-- He's not one of them.
If that bastard cuts me. I swear
to God I'll fucking haunt you.
I can live with that.
Leave it.
Up. 2 floors.
Open the door!
Open the door! I have an injured man here.
If you don't open up we're dead.
Don't do it. don't get involved.
Please. they're close.
I'm begging you. look at me.
Open the door.
Please.
Start from there.
This way.
Keep going.
Wait.
What the fuck is going on?
Shut the fuck up or I'll bleed you.
Check everything and every corner.
Don't leave anything to chance.
You hiding anyone here friend?
-- No I swear it.
You wouldn't be lying to me now would you?
I got no time for liars.
Puts me in a bad mood.
When I'm in a bad mood.
I tend to lash out.
I promise. I'm telling you the truth.
-- We'll see.
What's this?
- No please don't.
-- Hey Stop God damn it!
This is all I got you fucking punks!
Fuck you ! Leave us alone!
I'm getting real tired of your shit.
Look around you. there's no one here!
Don't fucking question me friend.
I told you the truth.
Now Leave us alone.
You want me to slice that bitch up?
Well do you? Then sit down!
OK. let's go.
Quick I need a knife or something sharp.
You're gonna be OK.
But you have to be calm.
I just gotta patch you up.
Hold on. focus.
All I have is this.
Fuck you. look again.
I swear it's all I got. What
about a spoon? Or some chopsticks?
Fuck it. just do it.
Why?
What the fuck are you doing?
You have to tell me all I need
to know about this place.
Anything I can use to help
get him out of here.
I wish I could.
But the truth is Tama has this
place completely in control.
Even if you find a spot
away from his cameras.
you'll be trapped in the corridors.
There's no escape route.
No passage you can take.
If you make it. it will be the same way
you made it here.
You have to break your way out.
You should be careful.
You're not here to do good.
Don't be blind. I've seen that old
man here before.
He knows this building as well as I do..
Not every cop is swayed by money sir.
If I believed that I would never
have opened the door.
He's bone headed and stubborn
But he's a good man.
Take care of him.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
Spare me. please!
Man that's too much!
He's here!
Up!
Take the leg!
Where'd he come from?
Stop it! Calm down!
What the fuck are you doing here?
Keep on watching
They're gone.
We don't know that yet.
Think about it Jaka. one's a cripple
the other a rookie.
They didn't stand a chance.
Now I'm sorry. but we're not going up
there just to find their dead bodies.
Listen to me you prick.
When it comes to the lives of my men
it would be wise for you to shut the fuck up.
You wanna talk about risking lives?!
Well you already risked theirs.
And now I own yours.
Who ordered this?
-- What?
Well it sure as shit wasn't you.
No one leads the charge when it comes
to their own dirty work.
Careful Jaka.
Remember your rank.
-- Rank?
Rank counts for shit now.
Once we make it out of here..
You'll be mopping up puddles of piss
in a prison cell for the rest of your life.
We're not here to do good.
We're here to make someone rich.
I'm asking you one last time.
Who ordered the hit?
Another time maybe. I'll take my
chances here first.
Suit yourself.
We're going back up there.
We're going to find them.
And only then do we leave.
Any objections?
Thought not.
Everyone ready.
Move.
Protect him! Now!!
I've never really liked using these.
Takes away the rush.
Squeezing a trigger....
... it's like ordering takeout.
Now this ...
This is the thing.
This is the pulse.
This is what I do.
You shouldn't be here.
Nor should you.
Who are they?
they're no one.
Don't they check for any links
before they send you.
They got nothing on record about you.
just your first name.
No one knows shit about us.
I almost fucking choked when they
pinned your photo on the board.
Six years with no contact.
and this is how I find you.
You have to leave this place.
Now.
-- I can't.
Not without my team.
-- What? -- You heard me.
I don't think you realize the
situation you're in.
Oh I understand fine. I'm not the
one living here.
Don't worry about me I'm fine.
Next time you want to talk. just pick up the phone.
I spent the last 24 hours listening to
my best friends to talking about
killing you.
I'm the only one who can get you
out here safely.
And without a pair of fuckin' handcuffs
wrapped around your wrists.
Wait! What's that?
You're getting me out?!
You're the one who needs saving.
Last I checked my guys are almost done
collecting the bodies.
Fuck you Just do what I say.
-- And go where? Home?
If I was such a disappointment to him then...
Think how proud he's gonna be
now that I am who I am.
He just wants you home. we all do.
You don't get it!!
That ain't me anymore. This is.
Just cos you see what I do as wrong.
doesn't mean I can not be good at it.
This is the only thing I know how to do.
I fucking own it.
No. Rama.
I won't go back to who I was.
You're going to be an uncle.
What?
Yes. a boy. due in two months.
You tell me this now...
cos you expect me to leave...?
I told you cos you're my fucking brother.
-- Think about what you're doing!
If you stay here you'll be fucking dead
before that boy is born.
Haven't you thought about that?
-- I've thought about it every day
since I was given this assignment.
And it fucking terrifies me.
This is fucking ridiculous!
You should leave. I don't have much time.
At least change your clothing before
you go back out there.
No. this fits me just fine.
Hang back. til the area is clear.
Wait! Hold the lift.
Where are your men?
-- Still hunting. And yours?
Same.
Where are you taking him?
--  The Boss.
That's not the guy.
It is.
-- No. it definitely isn't.
Plus this guy is dead already.
Yeah well I'm taking him anyway
What have you got?
Rama. Get in.
Where's Bowo?
-- He's safe.
We lost the Sergeant.
-- They got him. he's dead.
Motherfucker dragged him
across the floor like an animal
What happened? Why did you split up?
We were ambushed. outnumbered.
And he ran.
Sergeant ordered me to protect him.
Right now all can do is
try to survive this..
We have to move soon and fast.
You've been the cause of every drop of
blood spilt in this place.
But not now. Now you're gonna
be with us step for step.
Blow for blow. Until this nightmare is over.
Then what?
-- We go up. we attack.
We get who we came here for and
and we use him to get out.
Finding him won't be easy.
-- 15th floor.
It's where he runs everything.
But reaching him is another thing entirely.
And assuming we do get him...
What then? What's your plan?
We'll convince him.
-- How?
All men change with the touch of
a gun barrel to the head.
We don't have a gun. -- Then a knife.
a chair leg. your bare hands. anything.
Just do whatever it takes to
make him ours.
We still have time.
we can still get out.
Who the fuck is that?
-- I told him it's the wrong guy.
He wearing a vest. he counts.
I'm not the one who came back empty handed.
That's not true. is it Andi?
Excuse me.
Surely you've got something to show.
You of all people wouldn't waste
my fucking time for nothing.
I'm sorry. I don't.
Show me your hands.
Bring them here.
-- What? -- here.
Empty.
But I am sure that
you got something. Turn them.
I was wrong.
You did waste my fucking time.
I have found dead bodies. there's a lot of them.
-- Oh Yeah? What else?
If I had to guess. I'd say there are
2 more cops out there.
What if I said there are 3 cops left.
would you agree?
As I said there's a lot of floors.
you could give or take......
Give or take....
You little prick...
I'll admit it I was impressed.
I really was.
But never underestimate the persistence
of paranoia
After seeing that. I'd have sat still
with shit in my pants.
Seems these monitors are the only
truth I got left.
Looks like only this monitor that
I can trust. asshole!
They never lie. they tell me everything
I need to know.
But there's one thing
I wanted to ask.
Why?
Ballsy move like that...
ain't from no clash of conscience.
No there's more to this.
But then I think. "It doesn't matter". cos
you're going to die soon anyway.
I don't really give a shit
about "Why?"anymore.
No. what I want to know is ...
Who is this little cunt that's been tearing
my place up?
And what would it mean for you...
if you were to die infront of him.
Or better yet. for him to be cut open
in front of you!!
Fuck you!
Hurry!
Don't move!
Drop the gun!
Are we gonna play this game now?
Get over here!
Faster!
Did I do something wrong officer?
Shut the fuck up! Put your hands
in the air!
Dagu. tie him!
Now you're going to get me the fuck out of here.
Amazing.
What the hell are you doing? Dagu!
He didn't make it.
Fuck. you motherfucker! Why?
Save it. We're almost done here.
Just one last thing to clean up.
You'll never get out of here.
-- Shut up!
Did you honestly think that it would
be so easy to get in?
Did you think we were that fucking stupid?
I was waiting for you. We all were.
Ready to pick you off one by one.
Didn't work too well did it?
oh I don't know. You got at least 18 dead.
No transportation.
You're stuck here.
You got no-one left.
And if we're talking strength in numbers.
We're talking a bullet.
and I only need one for your fucking head.
You don't get it.
You're already dead.
You're dead since I got the call from Reza.
Now I've got your attention.
It was the name right?
Reza and the rest of the suits have
been happy with me since day one.
Cos I know who to pay
and more importantly. how much.
But you?
All you are is a collector
It was never about replacing me.
They sent you here to die.
Fuck you!
-- No. fuck you. big fucking man!
You listen to me. you think they'll allow you
to join them at the top.
Never! you'll always be looking up.
You think when all this is over they'll
welcome you back and promote you.
Make you a hero?
Never! You fuck!
You'll be met by someone emptying a gun
into your head.
A fucking pillow over
your face while you sleep.
You're Done. you're out.
Asshole
Be quiet.
All residents please return to your rooms.
It's all over.
He always knew that someday someone
would try to fuck him over.
This was his insurance.
It's evidence of every dirty cop
he ever dealt with.
Not everyone you salute is rotten.
Find Bunawar.
He's a good man.
Open the gate!
Just keep walking.
Follow me.
If there's one thing
I know for sure. it's that in this world.
I can protect you.
But can you do the same
for me in yours?
They'll come here.
They'll tear this place to the ground
We'll be long gone before they get here.
Then why stay?
For the same reason you
stayed in that uniform.
It just fits.
Translated by:
Di@ 2012
THE RAID : REDEMPTION
Just keep walking.
Follow me.
If there's one thing I know for sure.
it's that in this world...
...I can protect you.
But can you do the same
for me in yours?
They'll come here.
They'll tear this place to the ground.
We'll be long gone
before they get here.
Then why stay?
For the same reason
you stayed in that uniform.
It just fits.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm